NMS-13610: Consolidate IPC features and kafka settings (#3974)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/minion/message-broker/kafka.adoc

[source, disable-activemq.boot]
----
!minion-jms
!opennms-core-ipc-jms
----

> .Create a file to install Kafka features on Minion start-up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Create a file to install Kafka features on Minion startup
```

> .Add the following lines to install the remote producer call (RPC), sink, and twin feature for Kafka on Minion start-up and save the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Add the following lines to install the remote producer call (RPC), sink, and twin feature for Kafka on Minion startup and save the file
```

IMPORTANT: Ensure you use the FQDN or IP for your Kafka nodes as configured as advertised listener.

> NOTE: You can still configure module specific config for sink IPC at `org.opennms.core.ipc.sink.kafka.cfg`, similarly for rpc and twin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can still configure module-specific config for sink IPC at `org.opennms.core.ipc.sink.kafka.cfg`; similarly for RPC and twin.
```
